fix(APP-4472): Update isSupportReached BigInt eval for token-based plugin utils (#769)
aragon/app: .changeset/two-sloths-look.md

---
'@aragon/app': patch
---

> Update isSupportReached utils method for token-based plugins to handle BigInt comparisons at scale

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix isSupportReached utility for token-based plugins to handle support-threshold setting with decimals
```
